[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
now screen rant have just released an
article with a statement from philip
kennedy johnson an action comics and
superman writer who has said that the
version of superman from snyder's dc
films is too relatable and that he
prefers a superman who always does the
right thing in this video i break down
everything he said and apply my thoughts
on his comments so make sure to let me
know what you think of his thoughts in
the comments below
now on with the video so he starts by
admitting that every creator has
differing opinions on their version of
superman and how his version aligns
closely to christopher reeve's take
he then talks about how when his
superman smiles he has no ego
now every superman fan has their own
favorite actors to portray the character
and that is completely fine
when he says that there is no ego when
reeve's superman smiles it makes it
sound like he is saying when cavill's
superman smiles it is with an ego
which is completely wrong
cavill superman throughout his entire
life has tried to save other people even
when he has been bullied and felt
isolated
if you watch man of steel or batman v
superman you can clearly see that
if he was egotistical he would try and
make everything about himself and not
actually saving people every superman in
live action has been selfless and hasn't
saved people to boost their ego that
isn't just a christopher reeves superman
thing that is a universal superman trait
he then goes on to say
but just the approach of the man of
steel film in which he's kind of
searching for himself and you might see
him make a mistake or he gets
opportunities to help and he might not
do it right away or he's conflicted you
know
like they like seeing a more relatable
superman and that's not what i like at
all
the writer concluded i want a superman
that shows us the way and shows us how
we're supposed to be
that's the best for us always so he
starts by saying in man of steel clark
is searching for himself something that
i think most people at his age do which
is a good thing as it allows more people
to relate to the character
the majority of dc fans prefer batman
over superman because people can relate
more to batman people have never been
able to really connect to superman in
the way they can with batman because a
lot of the time superman has been
presented as perfect from the start
i have seen first hand how people who
were not that interested in superman
became interested in superman because of
how snyder made the character relatable
he also says how in man of steel he
makes mistakes or gets the opportunity
to help and he might not do it right
away or he's conflicted that is the
story of man of steel
his father does not want him to help
people as it would reveal his powers to
the world and the world isn't ready for
superman
that is why he hesitates because he
trusts his father he wants to help but
his father has always taught him to
conceal his powers we know his father
was right because of how he was treated
in batman v superman adding conflict to
his character arc not only makes this
version of the character refreshing and
unique but also yet again relatable
all humans go through some sort of
conflict in their lives so to see one of
if not the most powerful superhero have
in a conflict gives the audience
reassurance that it is okay to feel
conflicted philip kennedy johnson adds
that he wants to see a superman that
shows us the way and shows us how we are
supposed to be
that he is the best of us always
now i'm confused about what he is saying
because snyder's superman does do that
he just adds relatability to the mix i
think what is more inspiring than
instantly becoming an inspirational
figure is the journey to becoming that
inspirational figure now he says that he
doesn't like superman being relatable at
all which is fine but that doesn't mean
snyder's version of the character is
wrong
making a character relatable isn't
criticism
the beauty of different directors making
superman films is that they can add
their own twist to the character if
every single version of superman was the
same it would be very boring so i know
he isn't saying snyder's superman is bad
he is just saying he didn't like them
which is fine
i just think the reasons as to why he
thinks that version of superman is bad
are not criticisms if anything they are
compliments to snyder's superman i find
it so strange how people criticize
snyder's superman story people
criticized him for not being relatable
and being way too emotional and now
people are criticizing him for being too
relatable something doesn't quite add up
and i think it just comes down to what
you want to see in a character just
because the character isn't how you
think it should be doesn't mean it is a
factually bad interpretation of the
character it just means you don't like
it
which is completely fine so please make
sure to let me know what you think of
philip kennedy johnson's comments on
snyder's superman story in the comments
below now there is some possible
exciting news in regards to superman
being in the flash film as barbara
musketti the producer on the flash has
liked an interesting comment the comment
said really excited for the film still
praying that we get a henry cavill
superman cameo
and barbara liked the comment
now this could mean nothing but for a
producer of the flash film to like this
comment is interesting
being a producer she would be aware that
anything she says or does about working
on this film will cause a lot of
discussion and excitement so i don't
think she would do this unless it was to
hype the fans up
so make sure to let me know what you
think in the comments below moving on to
the snyder verse one thing i really
think helped get the release the snyder
cut message out there was through
snydercut merchandise as well as raising
money for charity
so it got me thinking how can we get the
restore the snyderverse message out
there
well i thought about it and researched
what has worked well in the past and
asked my instagram followers what they
thought of my idea and the majority of
them thought it was a good idea so i
just wanted to let you all know that i
am creating some merchandise related to
the channel and the snyder snyderverse
the merchandise will be available to buy
soon and i'm very excited for you all to
see it so please make sure to keep an
eye out for that in the coming days
i will put a video out on my channel
announcing the launch of the merchandise
once it is available
so if you are interested i would
recommend turning on post notifications
so you know when my online shop is live
if you look at the bottom right of my
banner on my channel the link to my
store is there i hope you like what i've
been working on
on some of the products the description
will say something like the profits of
this product will go to afsp
afsp stands for the american foundation
for suicide prevention this is a charity
that is close to the heart of the snyder
family as well as the snyder cuts fan
base so it would be amazing if we can
raise a lot of money for that charity
while sharing the restore the
snyderverse message
but that is all for today's video thank
you so much for watching please make
sure to like and subscribe and turn on
post notifications so you never miss a
video i hope to see you here again soon
so until then have a great day bye
[Music]
you